docs: Named Environment File Causes Drizzle-Kit Studio to throw an error. (#196)
tursodatabase/turso-docs: sdk/ts/orm/drizzle.mdx

} satisfies Config;
```

> If using a named environment file, ('.env.local' for example) adjust your dotenv.config() accordingly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using a named environment file, (`.env.local` for example) adjust your `dotenv.config()` accordingly. 
```

```ts

> dotenv.config({ path: `.env.local`, override: true});

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dotenv.config({ path: ".env.local", override: true });
```
